Droll PvM its a seal just for Vampires. With this seal , they are capable to summon a powerful pet to help in pvm combats. This seal its reward for lv. 90 in the Special Box.Once you have this seal , go to the Horse Keeper and he explain all it need to know about this droll. There you must choose what type you want to be the new pvm mob you have.
	Are 2 types :
- fast in attack with piecing and huge damage. Here the 
- slow in attack but very straight in defensive.

	This mobs have the capability to attract all the monsters to they , when the player use the bravery cape. 
	Experience its absorb 90% by player and 10% PvM mob until he make maximum level and then the player gave the entire experience from the killed mobs.
	Depends what level they are , have a specific support for mobs like that :
	
At lv. 1 PvM Mob have a 5 minute time and then go back and need to wait 3 minute before you summon again. He support 5 mobs at the same time.
La lv. 2 PvM Mob have a 10 minute time and then go back and need to wait 3 minute before you summon again. He support 6 mobs at the same time.
la lv. 3 PvM Mob have a 15 minute time and then go back and need to wait 3 minute before you summon again. He support 8 mobs at the same time.
La lv. 4 PvM Mob have a 20 minute time and then go back and need to wait 3 minute before you summon again. He support 12 mobs at the same time.
La lv. 5 PvM Mob have a 30 minute time and then go back and need to wait 3 minute before you summon again. He support 20 mobs at the same time.
All other monsters will attack the character.

*Status
For each level he gain 1 status point and when reach a maximum lv 5. he gain 2 status points.
The status contains :

STR	-	attack for mob. 5 value per point
DEX	-	defence for mob. 10 value per point. 
ATM	-	magic attack  value , for player only. 10 value per point
ATT	-	attack value , for player only. 10 value per point.
ATB	- 	chance to stun , for player only. 2 value per point.
ATP - 	change to poison , for player only. 2 value per point.

Status Values
* HP = 10050
* attack = 320 - 480
* magic attack = 3.000 (have just a skill - throw a spider web with effect to slow the target and give him a huge damage)
* defence = 600.

They are immune tu slow , poison , stun , silence , blind , arrows.
They have a stack for that skill.When he stack 20 hits , he throw that spider web and neutralized the target.
With their hits they have the ability to slow , poison or stun the targets.

There is a potion that doubles the mob duration; it can be used only for lv. 4 & lv. 5. It's called Zen Potion.
Once the time expires , you need to wait 3 minutes to called again the mob. If he die in combat you need to wait 10 minutes before you are able to summon again.
*this PVM Mob can die only if he receives from bosses a higher damage with 100% of his HP's.


Can not be used simultaneously with PvP Mobs and mounts.
They are able to receive buff from shamans or group runes.